---
draft: true
publish: false
aliases:
  - Changelog 4
description: Welcome to the changelog! A series of notes tagged 'log' that let me share the things I've been enjoying recently.
date: 2025-05-15
updated: 2025-05-15
tags:
  - log
up: 
jump: 
down: 
author: Khari Johnson
---

## Updates

### New Opportunities

Earlier this year, I made the decision to leave my job. I had a few reasons but I mainly lost faith in the company and disconnected from the work I was doing. After a long period of indecision, I left with nothing but a hope.

The market at this time is not well-suited for this kind of change. It's not 2020 anymore where job offers flew out of LinkedIn DMs and anyone who knew enough HTML to render a button could be employed. So, I've spent the last few months on the job search grind.

I had a few things that helped in my transition.

1. A great network to lean on
2. A few more years of experience and some interesting projects
3. Faith, Family, and Self-Preservation

All in all, I applied to ~50 different roles, failed ~5 Interviews, got 2 offers (1 contract, 1 full-time) from Feb 20 - Apr 14.

Now, I work for your favorite (C)able (N)ews (N)etwork delivering internal tools to help with production. Honestly, its a whole new world of tech that I've never thought about. Such a new (to me) space and technologies I've never been exposed too. The team is great and I'm thoroughly enjoying my time.

That's it for now but please pray for my Imposter Syndrome.

### Next Up

During that ^^^ time, I ended up selling about 90% of my homelab, draining my almost non-existent savings and just in general thinning out the life that I have.

Over the next year or so I'll be working to buy a car, replenish my savings, and find some interesting projects/hobbies to invest in. Maybe I'll finally dive into kubernetes as it directly relates to my work now.

### Gaming

I haven't played a video game since Dec 2025. I miss it a lot. It's not something I've "grown out of" either. I just find it hard to find the time at the moment. I'm sure I'll return at some point but there are more important things to be taking care of at this moment. For now, you can check out some of the [[2024-08-17|previous]] [[2024-08-17|entries]] if you're curious about what I've played before.

### AI

I still (along with the rest of the world) am continuing to learn about and lean on AI. Usage has gone down but the efficiencies have gone up. I see how it's being utilized within big organizations and am so curious about how it'll all shake out. It simultaneously feels like the next _thing_ but also like the chatbot craze when everyone needed a "chatbot" on their website. I'm sure in 5-10 the tech will be a commodity that we don't really have to think about using anymore and another wave of _thing_ will be here to garner our attention.

I do know one thing, if AI it taking jobs, well I'd rather be building the AI rather than getting replaced by it.

## Summary

2025 has started off as one hell of a year. From betting on myself to future plans of bettering my life. I'm sure I'll have much to say and many more stories to come. Maybe I'll write more, read more, travel more, who know. At this point, I'm content and just enjoying what I have and the things to come.

Thanks for reading. Until next time.
